1. What is Website and Why we use it?
A website is collectoin of linked web pages (plus their associated resources) that share a unique domain name. Each web page of a given website provides explicit links- most of the time in the form of clickable portions of text-that allow the user to move from one page of the website to another.
To access a website, type its domain name in your browser address bar, and the browser will display the website's main web page or homepage.
Note that it is also possible to have a single page website.

2. What is a Web Page?
A web page is a simple document displayed by a browser in the html language. A web page can embed a variety of different types of resources such as
Style information - controlling a page's Look and feel

Scripts - which add Interactivity To the page
Media - images, sounds and videos

All web pages available on the web

3. What is a Web Development and App?

4. Static vs Dynamic Websites?

5. What is a Web Server?

6. What is a Domain and Hosting?

7. What is WWW and HTTPS?

8. What is Fullstack Development?

9. What is tags? Why do we use it?

10. What are the empty tags? standard way of using them.

1. What are attributes? what are the new attributes lauched in html5>

12. Which attributes should not be used according to standards?

13. What is footer area?

14. what is list element and Nested list? and types of list?

15. What is Validation and How Regular Expressions are used for them?

16. What are the latest input types in html?

17. What is CSS? Types of css. Properties of CSS to revise:-
a. text properties such as color, decoration, line
b. font properties
c. column
d. opacity/Transparency (0.0 - 1.0)
e. marging
f. padding

18. display, box model, list, float, table borders, layout structure

practice:
  Periodic Table Of Type CSS Grid

19. Semantic Elements, header, nav, section, footer, aside, main, article,

project:topics
  quiz, exam portal, shopping, crypto, social media clone, movies booking, bookmyshow, e-learning platform
  (timer, options, database, ) synopsis

positions, zindex,sass, grid, flex,outliner, variables.
emmit abbreviations

